{200}{245}Nice setup they have here.
{245}{305}Looks like they put all that|funding to good use.
{315}{390}Major, we have a transmission|coming in from General Lambert.
{390}{435}Put her on the main screen.
{450}{540}Good morning gentlemen.|Good to see you made it in one piece.
{545}{590}Has your team been deployed?
{590}{670}Yes ma'am!  They should be arriving|at the hatch shortly.
{680}{760}Good.  As you know, a crew there|uncovered what looks like
{760}{830}an access point into a larger structure.
{831}{946}The markings on this 'hatch' are similar|to those found in the Roswell wreckage.
{955}{1015}Personnel were ordered to hold fast,
{1015}{1110}and your team was dispatched immediately|to investigate.
{1120}{1160}The team has arrived at target.
{1180}{1250}Pipe their helmet cam feeds to the|secondary monitors.
{1280}{1360}Sir, Alpha Team has set up a perimeter|around the dig site,
{1360}{1405}Awaiting further...
{1423}{1453}What happened?
{1460}{1526}There was a massive power surge|from the hatch sir,
{1526}{1566}it's disrupted the signal.
{1583}{1660}We've lost contact with the team|AND General Lambert!
{1680}{1735}Boost the signal!|Get them back!
{1740}{1795}I can't sir,| there's too much interference!
{1803}{1875}Stay here Tsuke,|I'm going out there!
RIGHT HANDED
LEFT HANDED
Shoot
Move
Stylus Look / AimMOON

CREATED BY RENEGADE KID

Game Director and Producer
JOOLS WATSHAM

Art Director
GREGG HARGROVE

Technical Director
BOB IVES

Designers
JOOLS WATSHAM
PATRIC STARR

Artists
GREGG HARGROVE
NOAH LI
ULYSSES GAMES LLC
JOOLS WATSHAM

Programmers
BOB IVES
ANDREW BROWN

Music
GARETH VILDAY

Sound Effects
JOOLS WATSHAM

Voice Acting
CHRIS BROWER
SUZANNA WATSHAM
GREGG HARGOVE

Very Special Thanks
SUZANNA, SAMMY & SPENCER
PAT HARGROVE
ARANCHA MOYA
BRANDON SHEFFIELD


Published by
GAMEBRIDGE

Project Manager
LOGAN GUNASINGHAM

INTERCHANNEL INC., TOKYO

Producer
MASSIMO GUARINI

Executive Producers
HIDEO OISHI
KENICHI YAMASHITA
TAKASHI IKEDA

Localisation and Testing
UNIVERSALLY SPEAKING


PRODUCED BY MASTIFF

President
BILL SWARTZ

Vice President, Japan
MIKA HAYASHI

Producer
TOM GAUBATZ

Accounting
CHARLES VAN

PR
MICHAEL MEYERS


MASTIFF MOON TEAM

Producer
TOM GAUBATZ

Script and Story Development
THE ENEMY

Additional Writing
BRANDON SHEFFIELD
TOM GAUBATZ
BILL SWARTZ

Game Design Consultant
JOHANNES ROBBINS

Additional Level Designs
JOHANNES ROBBINS
TOM GAUBATZ

Manual
OFF BASE PRODUCTIONS

Public Relations
MICHAEL MEYERS PUBLIC RELATIONS
MICHAEL MEYERS
DAVID BRUNO

Advertising
MEDIA JUICE STUDIOS

Testing
iBETA QUALITY ASSURANCE

Testers
JERROD C.
ANDY S.
MAX D.
RYAN S.

Special Thanks
BRANDON SHEFFIELD
JON HEINER
MIEKO MOCHIZUKI
TREVOR STRICKER


THANKS FOR PLAYING!
Delete Data
Options
SELECT EPISODE
....
ROOKIE
NORMAL
VETERAN
Best Time:
Shot Accuracy:
Extra Merits:
Difficulty:
DELETE ALL DATA?
ARE YOU SURE?
Yes
No
L
R
Initializing data
Checking backup data.
PROLOGUE
EPISODE 01
EPISODE 02
EPISODE 03
EPISODE 04
EPISODE 05
EPISODE 06
EPISODE 07
EPISODE 08
EPISODE 09
EPISODE 10
EPISODE 11
EPISODE 12
EPISODE 13
EPISODE 14
EPISODE 15
EPISODE 16
EPISODE 17
EPISODE 18
EPISODE 19
EPISODE 20
EPISODE 21
EPISODE 22
EPISODE 23
Choose Difficulty Setting and Touch Episode to Start.
 
Episode Now Available in Quick Play Mode.
Continue
COMPLETE
TimeSUPER ASSAULT RIFLE

It's a SAR; state-of-the-art weaponry.
No need to collect ammo for this bad boy!
REMOTE ACCESS DROID

The Remote Access Droid (RAD) is an alien
probe device. It can be controlled by the host remotely.
MUON PISTOL

The Muon Pistol is an alien weapon of unknown
power.
QUANTA RIFLE

The Quanta Rifle is an alien weapon of unknown 
power.
FERMION SNIPER

The Fermion Sniper is an alien weapon of
unknown power.
LEPTON SPREAD

The Lepton Spread is an alien weapon of unknown 
power.
OXID CANNON

The Oxid Cannon is an alien weapon of unknown 
power.
SEEKER POD

The Seeker Pod is an alien weapon of unknown 
power.
MAX HEALTH INCREASE

Your Health Meter just increased its
maximum capacity.
MAX HEALTH INCREASE

Your Health Meter just increased its
maximum capacity.
MAX HEALTH INCREASE

Your Health Meter just increased its
maximum capacity.
MAX HEALTH INCREASE

Your Health Meter just increased its
maximum capacity.
MAX HEALTH INCREASE

Your Health Meter just increased its
maximum capacity.
MAX HEALTH INCREASE

Your Health Meter just increased its
maximum capacity.
AMMO CLIP INCREASE

The Muon Pistol's clip size increased.

AMMO CLIP INCREASE

The Quanta Rifle's clip size increased.

AMMO CLIP INCREASE

The Fermion Sniper's clip size increased.

AMMO CLIP INCREASE

The Lepton Spread's clip size increased.

AMMO CLIP INCREASE

The Oxid Cannon's clip size increased.

AMMO CLIP INCREASE

The Seeker Pod's clip size increased.

MISSING PIECE

One of the missing pieces.

MISSING PIECE

One of the missing pieces.

CANISTER

A peculiar canister, with a strange liquid inside.

EXPLOSIVES

High powered explosives.

RED KEY

A key to a lower stratum.

DATA PACKET

This must be one of the data packets I need.

ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 1

Alien Artifact 1 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 1

Alien Artifact 2 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 1

Alien Artifact 3 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 2

Alien Artifact 1 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 2

Alien Artifact 2 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 2

Alien Artifact 3 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 3

Alien Artifact 1 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 3

Alien Artifact 2 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 3

Alien Artifact 3 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 4

Alien Artifact 1 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 4

Alien Artifact 2 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 4

Alien Artifact 3 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 5

Alien Artifact 1 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 5

Alien Artifact 2 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 5

Alien Artifact 3 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 6

Alien Artifact 1 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 6

Alien Artifact 2 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
ALIEN ARTIFACT SET 6

Alien Artifact 3 of 3.
Collect all Alien Artifacts to unlock hidden episodes.
DEBRIS FROM HOSTILE

This object was discarded from the
destroyed hostile.
This is a terminal.
This terminal seems to be functioning.
These are canisters.
These canisters have a strange liquid inside them.
This is where a cool puzzle will be displayed.
This looks like a door of some kind.
Looks like another map terminal.
A uniquely strange terminal.
Pvt. Elias Warner.
It's a strange looking terminal.
This is the same type of terminal as before.
Captain Blake.
It's a strange looking terminal in the boss room.
This is the control panel for the Communications Dish.
Another map terminal.
It looks like some kind of teleporter.
Another map terminal.
Another map terminal.
Another map terminal.
The first Power Cell.
The second Power Cell.
The third Power Cell.
The Quanta Rifle.
SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0001: SECURITY

The security system consists of an automated
network of robotic sentries. These sentries will
eliminate any threats encountered outside of the
specimen containment apparatus, or within it, if
the actions of a subject are deemed to be a threat.



SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0002: MAINTENANCE

The security system is overseen by a series of
military-grade Guardian Defense Sentries.
Each is equipped with advanced artificial
intelligence and has been hardwired into the
facility to govern portions of the production
process and its underlying systems, making the
GD Series invaluable to ongoing operations.

SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0003: HARVESTING

Subjects are extracted at a rate of 100
individuals per Earth rotation. Subjects are
transferred directly to the facility's holding
tanks via a precision particle beam that
deconstructs the subject and reconstructs it
on site. Success rate is 99.999%.


SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0004: INITIAL PROCESSING

The subject is first stripped of clothing and
accoutrements then purged of hair and non-living
dermis. The subject is then equipped with a
Sensory Stimulator and placed in amniotic fluid.
Following initial processing, the subject is
transferred to cold storage.


SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0005: COLD STORAGE

Temperature is decreased, lowering the
subject's resistance to foreign elements. The
duo-isotope is then introduced into the tank
and slowly absorbed into the subject's body
through the lungs. Subject may experience
physical distress at this stage.


SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0006: EUPHORIC IMPRINTING

Euphoric imprinting is initiated once the subject
has ingested the duo-isotope. Using the Sensory
Stimulator, the subject is first cleansed of
previous mental printing, causing it to revert to
an infantile state, then inundated with sensations
designed to increase serotonin production.


SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0007: EXTRACTION PHASE 1

Serotonin is drained from the subject's brain
through an extraction spine. The Sensory
Stimulator then produces negative sensations,
increasing adrenaline synthesis. Ferritin is
extracted from the liver, causing shock and
loss of neural function in 60% of cases.


SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0008: EXTRACTION PHASE 2

The adrenal glands are drained at the peak of
adrenaline production. Extraction destroys
the internal organs, and the mortality rate
at this stage is 1,000 per 1,000. The remains
are dried, crushed, and processed for use
in cosmetics and other products.

SYSTEM LOG MDAT-0009: PSYCHOTROPIC VIRUS

Serotonin, adrenaline, and ferritin are irradiated,
combined and flash-fused. Heightened pH levels
catalyze a toxic change in the adrenaline. The
resulting compound is infused with molecular oxygen,
causing the ferritin to oxidize. The mixture becomes
a blue-colored liquid viral suspension. This is
the psychotropic virus in its pure form.

HISTORY MDAT-0001: THE MOON

Due to its location and its uninhabitable
environment, the Moon provides an ideal location
for the main processing center. The facility
operates entirely below the crust and is
protected from scanning devices, minimizing
the risk of detection by any means but direct
physical excavation.

HISTORY MDAT-0002: MEDICINAL PURPOSES

Subjects are placed under physiological and
psychological stress, leading to accelerated
endocrine production and chemical yield.
Chemical extracts form the basis for
products such as aphrodisiacs, pyschotropic
drugs and military-grade psychostimulants.


HISTORY MDAT-0003: THE FACILITIES
In order to maximize chemical output, subjects are
kept in states of mental and physical duress, such
as pain, fear and anxiety, throughout the
extraction process. Staff in other facilities have
occasionally reported experiencing emotional
stress and depression, even when not aware of
any conscious empathy with the subjects. To limit
the risk of these emotional factors affecting
production yield, all high-value extraction
facilities are now unmanned and automated.HISTORY MDAT-0004: IMPROVING OUTPUT

Over time, varying experimental procedures
have been administered in an effort to
maximize chemical yield. Subjects have
occasionally exhibited accelerated
physical evolution, specifically in the
endocrine system.


HISTORY MDAT-0005: ETHICAL CONTROVERSY

Some argue that the subjects are sentient
creatures and not suitable for harvesting.
Opponents insist that their bestial nature
makes them little more than natural resources,
and that the benefits gained from their use
far outweigh any ethical concerns.


HISTORY MDAT-0006: THE PLANET EARTH

Cultivation began during the prehistory of
the species. Living in small, isolated
groups, preoccupied with hunting and foraging,
lacking any advanced technological knowledge,
and tending to superstition, the early humans
were easily cultivated and harvested.


HISTORY MDAT-0007: SELECTION PROCESS

Individuals and small groups in remote areas
are ideal for harvesting.  Occasionally
atmospheric conditions may interfere with
the process, resulting in subjects
rematerializing on Earth, sometimes in
locations far from the origin of transfer.


HISTORY MDAT-0008: MANIPULATION

Since the earliest stages of their evolution,
subversive strategies have been used to control
the species' cultural development. One
tactic has been to introduce contrasting
theologies to the Earth, throwing the
population into factionalism and infighting.


HISTORY MDAT-0009: THREATS TO OPERATION

Unlike species harvested elsewhere, humans
have rapidly developed primitive space
travel and energy weapons technology. This
has necessitated the implementation of
advanced security procedures to ensure the
ongoing viability of harvesting operations.


HISTORY MDAT-0010: EXTERNAL PRESSURES

Information regarding harvest and extraction
procedures has leaked to mainstream media,
resulting in public outcry and interference
from law enforcement. In response, the
security at each facility has been augmented
by military-grade Guardian Defense Sentries.


HISTORY MDAT-0011: CONTACT

One century ago, a group of activists traveled
to Earth in order to make contact with the
subject species. Their vessel became unstable
and crashed in the southwestern North American
continent, and the probability that its crew
survived the incident is negligible.


HISTORY MDAT-0012: HUMAN TECHNOLOGY

The development of human technology, especially
in the areas of physics and engineering, has
progressed at an unexpectedly brisk pace.
Some believe that humans were able to recover
enough material from the crash to understand
and draw on our technology.


VIRAL STATUS MDAT-001: INGREDIENTS

The suspension's components in their unprocessed
forms are lethal, and the host organisms are
themselves classified as a Class X viral vector.
The subjects and their habitat are protected
solely for possible application in the
development of further pharmaceutical products.


VIRAL STATUS MDAT-002: CHARACTERISTICS

The suspension contains a highly potent
viral agent that causes intense extrasensory
experiences when ingested, and can seriously
damage the health of the user if taken in
large doses (See: Side-Effects). Despite
this, use of the suspension is widespread,
and a high percentage of the population is at
present in a state of addiction or withdrawal.
VIRAL STATUS MDAT-003: SIDE EFFECTS

Exposure to this agent causes a paralytic
overload of euphoric feelings, resulting in a
blissful coma-like state. The duration of the
coma is directly proportional to the dosage.
Acute overuse invariably results in death.
For these reasons, the suspension is a
controlled substance and its production
is prohibited by law (See: Ingredients).
VIRAL STATUS MDAT-004: LEGAL STATUS

Legal statutes expressly forbid the sale of
pharmaceutical agents produced from non-
consenting advanced humanoids. However,
the incredible effectiveness of such products
continues to fuel an overwhelming demand,
and they are easily available through a
vibrant black market.

VIRAL STATUS MDAT-005: LEGALIZATION

Critics claim anti-cruelty measures would be
served by legalizing the products, subjecting
production to public audit, and offering
economic incentives for humane treatment.
This is opposed both by criminal elements who
depend on the black market for income and by
conservative political groups that view the
existence of such products as a moral outrage.
VIRAL STATUS MDAT-006: POLITICAL CONCERNS

Production has increased despite legal
challenges and attention from regulatory
agencies. The Sector Overlord maintains
that the substance has valuable medical
and military applications, using these
needs as political capital to divert
attention from our other operations.
(See: Additional Information)
VIRAL STATUS MDAT-007: ADDITIONAL INFO.
The current Sector Overlord took control of viral 
and medicinal production upon taking the reins of 
power. Although he maintains a private militia 
equal to that of many small nations, he was able 
to gain control over the organization without the 
use of force by political maneuvering alone. His 
military strength and political shrewdness, 
combined with sheer ruthlessness, have helped 
him to survive several attempted coups.
VIRAL STATUS MDAT-007: ADDITIONAL INFO

Though illegal, the virus is reportedly
popular among the higher political circles.
It is rumored that the Sector Overlord
supplies politicians with the virus in
order to curry favor and keep law
enforcement agencies away from his operations.


SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0001: PROF. A. MATTEUS 

I'm excited to begin further investigations
of this newly discovered facility. I must
admit that it is quite disconcerting to now
be totally separated from everyone on the
surface in Alpha Base. Still, I feel quite
privileged to have been accepted for this
assignment.

SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0002: PROF. A. MATTEUS 

At first I couldn't understand any of the
data, but then it became clear to me.
I've uploaded my decryption algorithm
directly into their mainframe. At least
whoever they send in next won't have to
worry about translating these records
like I did.

SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0003: PROF. A. MATTEUS 

I have completed my survey of the first
stratum of the structure. All the
equipment I have seen so far is fully
functional, but there are no signs of
life or use. Could the structure be
fully automated? I will follow the
strongest signals of electrical
activity and see where they lead me.
SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0004: PROF. A. MATTEUS 

It appears that the site was not left
unguarded. I have encountered several
automated defense units whose intentions
toward me were clearly hostile. I used
my low-yield ion pulse to defend myself,
but I must wonder if more formidable
security systems lie ahead.

SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0005: PROF. A. MATTEUS 

I'm continuing to upload my personal log
so that some record will remain of me
and what I've discovered. I should say,
what I wish I hadn't discovered. None of
us could have realized what the research
at Alpha Base would lead to.


SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0006: PROF. A. MATTEUS 

It's hard to tell how long I've been
down here now. I'm continuing to gather
information, but my rations are running
low and it's becoming more difficult to
stay focused. I spend more time evading
the security system than I do exploring.
I wonder if I will ever return to the
surface...
SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0007: PROF. A. MATTEUS

If anyone is reading these records, I
apologize for their fractured nature.
It's becoming more difficult to maintain
my sanity after what I've already
discovered here, and I fear that worse
is yet to come.


SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0008: PROF. A. MATTEUS

When I first heard their screams, I
couldn't believe it. How could this
possibly be happening here, on our Moon?





SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0009: PROF. A. MATTEUS

If I understand what I have read, they
may shortly be arriving here themselves.
What have we started by entering this
facility? Our curiosity may have doomed
us all. I never should have accepted this
assignment!


SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0010: PROF. A. MATTEUS

Are humans really being subjected to
this process? I suppose I should not be
surprised. The history of human
science is full of those who have done
the same. Did we imagine it would be
any different out here?


SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0011: PROF. A. MATTEUS

I had to get away from the tanks. The looks
in their eyes were more than I could bear.
I wanted to let them know they were not alone,
to show that at least there was someone
there with them at the end. But...
it was too much.


SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0012: PROF. A. MATTEUS

I wonder now if this isn't some kind of
punishment for us. How many experiments
did we perform, assuring ourselves that
our subjects weren't really capable of
experiencing pain or fear? It's ironic.
Why didn't we ever stop to think that
someone might feel the same way about us?

SCIENCE LOG MDAT-0013: PROF. A. MATTEUS

I was careless. I lost my scanning
equipment somewhere above and I cannot
go back for it now. I am defenseless
without my ion pulse emitter. I will
not make it out alive. They must have known
this would happen. I was expendable.
Damn you, General…d32g0 U@   
u=0m    *D4(N*p    %F&P!h9p    8h$
INCOMING TRANSMISSION MDAT-0001
SOURCE: Command Center

Production is grossly behind schedule and
lost yield must be reclaimed through
accelerated processing. Scan and cull any
substandard or diseased specimens. Increase
trauma to subjects in order to maximize potency
of extracts and improve product output.

INCOMING TRANSMISSION MDAT-0002
SOURCE: Command Center

The last regular inspection revealed signs
of damage to the restraining apparatus.
To reduce subject resistance at this stage,
use security automata to apply direct
physical trauma to all subjects prior to
processing. Attempt to weaken the skeletal
infrastructure without causing damage that
will threaten the subject's chemical yield.INCOMING TRANSMISSIONS MDAT-0003
SOURCE: Command Center

In response to recent human activity on the
surface, three new GD Series models will be
deployed. The GD Series has been optimized
for this environment and programmed to eliminate
breaches to the system. If any interference
is suspected or additional defensive
measures are required, notify immediately.
INCOMING TRANSMISSIONS MDAT-0004
SOURCE: Command Center

Status report! Contact with several sectors
has ceased and sensors indicate that multiple
security systems are off-line. Interference
with production will not be tolerated and
failure to contain this situation will be
punished by deactivation.

INCOMING TRANSMISSIONS MDAT-0005
SOURCE: Command Center

Sensors indicate the deactivation of GD Series
units 1, 2, and 3. All active defense automata
are to re-prioritize to locate and neutralize
the human intruder. Any organic life forms or
other foreign agents are to be eliminated with
extreme prejudice.

INCOMING TRANSMISSIONS MDAT-0006
SOURCE: Command Center

A strike force has been dispatched to execute
a full clean. The facility will be destroyed
and all signs of it eliminated. Since the
intruder can be expected to have contacted
others, Earth is no longer a viable site for
harvesting. Its inhabitants will be wiped out
to preserve the secrecy of other operations.
{1}{1}29.970
{283}{373}- log entry zero two -|Major Edward Kane.
{390}{448}We've known that we're not alone.
{450}{522}In some ways, I wish we didn't.
{533}{640}After centuries of human suffering,|it is finally over.
{655}{750}Something tells me this is just the beginning.
{760}{806}End Log.
Back
Delete Data
Options
GAME MODE
DIFFICULTY
DIFFICULTY:
ADVENTURE
QUICK PLAY
CONTINUE
NEW ADVENTURE
ROOKIE
NORMAL
VETERAN
DELETE ALL DATA?
ARE YOU SURE?
Yes
No
Checking backup data.
You will lose all saved progress.Resume
Examine
Open
Take
Use
Enter
Exit
Comlink
Map
Mission
Options
Page
Next|
OK
...SAVING PROGRESS...
Loading
Could not read the data. Turn off
the power, and reinsert the DS Card.
 
The data could not be written. Turn power 
off, and remove and reinsert the DS Card.
 
Backup data is corrupted.
The MOON data is corrupted and will be deleted.
Press any button to continue.
 
Backup data is corrupted.  Attempting to recover
saved progress.  Press any button to continue.
 
Default options restored. 
Press any button.
Saving.  Do not touch the Game Card 
or turn the power OFF.
HEALTH
SHIELD
9MM AMMO
SHOTGUN AMMO
REVOLVER AMMO
SNIPER AMMO
HEALTH FULL
9MM AMMO FULL
SHOTGUN AMMO FULL
REVOLVER AMMO FULL
SNIPER AMMO FULL
SUPER ASSAULT RIFLE
REMOTE ACCESS DROID
MUON PISTOL
QUANTA RIFLE
FERMION SNIPER
LEPTON SPREAD
OXID CANNON
SEEKER PODS
LOLA-RR10
CHECKPOINT
MAJOR KANE
GENERAL LAMBERT
CAPTAIN TSUKIGAMI
PRIVATE BURTON
UNKNOWN SOURCE
NEW OBJECTIVE
OBJECTIVE COMPLETE
UNKNOWN OBJECTIVE
A secret training mission will be 
unlocked upon completion of this episode.
....
NO MAP DATA
SKIP >
HOST HEALTH
RAD HEALTH
PROGRESS SAVED
HEALTH RESTORED
NAVIGATIONAL
DATABASE OFFLINESlide Stylus on Touch Screen to look around.
Slide Stylus on Touch Screen to look around.
Press +Control Pad to move.
Quickly double-tap Up on +Control Pad
and hold to run.
Tap Map icon on Touch Screen
to view Map.
Press L Button to shoot.
Touch weapon icon on Touch Screen
and select Remote Search Droid.
Touch and hold the Weapon Icon.
Slide stylus to Super Assault Rifle icon 
to switch control to Major Kane.
Press UP on the +Control Pad 
to accelerate.
Slide the stylus on the Touch Screen 
to aim cursor and steer vehicle. 
Press the L Button to shoot.
Examine the Save Device in front
of you to save your progress.
Slide Stylus on Touch Screen to look around.
Slide Stylus on Touch Screen to look around.
Press A, B, X, or Y Button to move.
Quickly double-tap X Button and hold to run.
Tap Map icon on Touch Screen
to view Map.
Press R Button to shoot.
Touch weapon icon on Touch Screen
and select Remote Search Droid.
Touch and hold the Weapon Icon.
Slide stylus to Super Assault Rifle icon 
to switch control to Major Kane.
Press X Button to accelerate.
Slide the stylus on the Touch Screen 
to aim cursor and steer vehicle. 
Press the R Button to shoot.Examine the Save Device in front
of you to save your progress.
{1}{1}29.970
{444}{486}June Fourth, Twenty-Fifty-Eight
{489}{539}- log entry zero one -
{539}{587}Major Edward Kane.
{599}{674}Ever since Roswell,|we've known we're not alone.
{683}{803}Now, more than a century later,|they've found this 'hatch' on the Moon.
{824}{893}Is this going to be our next giant leap?
{899}{989}If so, just what are we jumping into?
{989}{1034}We're about to find out.
{1043}{1073}End Log.
{2627}{2707}Sergeant Blake,|Get the team to the transport.
{2707}{2832}Proceed to the hatch-site. Maintain|uplink, but observe radio silence.
{2832}{2862}Yes, sir!
{2900}{2971}Welcome to the Moon, Major Kane,|Captain Tsukigami.
{2975}{3010}I'm Lieutenant Stevens.
{3010}{3090}I hope our cargo ship wasn't too|uncomfortable for you.
{3092}{3187}We've ridden worse.|What's the situation, Lieutenant?
{3188}{3249}General Lambert will give you a full rundown.
{3251}{3340}But we've set up our briefing room|for you to use as a command center.
{3350}{3478}Map data should be uploaded to your|personal navigation devices any minute now.
{3478}{3538}Yes, mine's been updated.
{3539}{3571}Thank you Lieutenant.
{3575}{3665}Grab your gear Tsuke,|I'll meet you there.
NO MAPETEO (US) MISSION REPORT:
Major Edward Kane
CURRENT OBJECTIVE:It's locked.This door is stuck. 
CONTROL TYPE
Y AXIS INVERT
SUBTITLES
RUMBLE
BRIGHTNESS
SOUND EFFECTS
MUSIC
TYPE 1
TYPE 2
OFF
ON
OFF
ON
OFF
ON
NORMAL
BRIGHT
BRIGHTER
NORMAL
QUIET
OFF
Quit
QUIT THE GAME?
RESTART FROM LAST SAVE POINT?
ARE YOU SURE?
Exit Game
Continue
Last Save
Cancel
Yes
NoSAVE PROGRESS?
Yes
No

Major, collect your weapon. We don't know what
you may encounter.

Major! Report your status immediately!

What happened to me? I must've passed out...
it feels like I've been asleep for hours.

The device released a vapor that penetrated your
suit. Your vitals fluctuated wildly, but they've
stabilized. More than stabilized, they look like a
20-year-old world-class athlete's. How do you
feel?

Actually... great. What was that stuff?

I can't say anything except that it's incredibly
complex. We won't be sure what it's doing to
you until we can run a full analysis, so keep an
eye out for larger samples.

Roger that. Kane out.

I'm too late, Tsuke. Blake, Collinsworth, Riley
and Truckston are dead. Warner, Silas, and
Burton are MIA.

Three soldiers MIA? Is there any indication of
where they might've gone?

There are signs of a struggle near the hatch
entrance. My guess is that they were forcefully
abducted. By what, I don't know.

They can't have been taken far. You might be
able to find them if you act quickly.

Proceed through the hatch and enter the
subterranean structure. Figure out what we're
dealing with, and recover your people. We'll
mourn the dead later.

Your mission is reconnaissance, and if you find
signs of your men, you are authorized to engage
the enemy to extract them. Do not take any
unnecessary risks and do not fire unless fired
upon.

We cannot risk unwarranted damage to the
structure or its contents.

Roger that, General.

There are some symbols here that look familiar.

Great! Let's crack the code Moon God!

This is the wrong direction, Major. 
Proceed to the hatch.

There are some symbols here that look familiar.

Great! Let's crack the code Moon God!

OK. Let's see if we get anything here. Hm, it does
not look... hang on! I think we have a connection.
We're receiving an encrypted data stream, this is
fascinating!

Whatever you say Tsuke.

I don't how Major, but we're getting something...

Is that an alarm? We need to move fast.
Let's get one of those canisters back to the
surface so we can analyze it. Be careful Major.

Roger that, General!

Check out that cool looking duct on the left.

Yeah Tsuke, get the Remote Search Droid ready - BRB!

Check out that cool looking duct on the left.

Yeah Tsuke, get the Remote Search Droid ready - BRB!

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

This looks like the substance dropped by the
robot at the entry point.

The canister must be used to maintain it in
liquid form. Use your suit's Universal Cognitive
Adapter to analyze the contents.

Performing scan now. Whatever it is, this place
is filled with cases and cases of it.

Strange... the liquid appears to be a mix of
endorphins and viral agents suspended in an
amniotic fluid. I don't yet understand it fully, but
based on its composition it should be extremely
toxic.

Toxic? All I know is that I feel great...

I know, Major. This just doesn't add up. What's
even stranger is that most of the components are
being recognized by our medical database.

What are you saying?

The components are terrestrial in origin.

Terrestrial...?

I found Warner... I repeat, I've located Warner.

What's her condition?

She's dead...
But by the looks of it, she didn't go down without
a fight.

What about Silas and Burton?

No sign of them. 
I'm pressing on.
Kane out.

Use your UCA interface to access this terminal.

What? Why should that work? This isn't exactly
standard equipment, Tsuke.

Kane, everyone knows that most of our
communications technology came from Roswell.

What do you know, it worked...
Are there any other mission-critical fun facts that
I should know?

Major, you've been given all the intel we believe
is relevant to this mission.

Stay focused, gentlemen.

General, Major... the data is coming in now. It
seems to be a map of the facility. An area
several kilometers to your southeast appears to
have been marked.



Understood. Major, you are to move to the
marked area on the map and report. Exercise
extreme caution. We don't know what lies at
that location but it is our best chance to learn
more about this structure.

Lambert out.

Tsuke, I've discovered an alien weapon. I've
never seen a weapon like this before.

This is a handgun, but you've only encountered
automated security sentries. They don't use
anything like this.

Good. Then they won't mind if I take it.  There's
still one question, though... whose hand was
supposed to hold this weapon?

We're receiving more map data, Major.
The marker that was at your location has
just moved to a point several kilometers to
the west.


It looks like we're on the right track.

Be careful Major.

Always, Tsuke.

Major Kane, report your status.

I have succeeded in infiltrating the second level
of the structure and have arrived at the point
indicated on the map. It's another computer
terminal. Accessing data.


It's just more map data, with another marker
farther on.

This doesn't feel right. Tsuke, where is this data
coming from?

I can't identify the source, it's highly complex.
Each new terminal may simply automatically
update your map data based on your position
and progress within the facility. What are you
suggesting?

The trip here almost got me killed, and Warner
wasn't so lucky. It feels like I'm walking into a
trap.

Be that as it may, this information is our only clue
to understanding the nature of this structure, not
to mention your only hope of finding your men.
Get to that location, Major.

Understood.

This is a strange looking door. Perhaps we can
access it. It looks like there's a port in the lower
region of the door. See if your UCA can connect
to it.

Roger that Tsuke.

OK. Let's see if we get anything here. Hm, it does
not look... hang on! I think we have a connection.
We're receiving an encrypted data stream, this is
fascinating!

Whatever you say Tsuke.

I don't how Major, but we're getting something...

This is the wrong direction, Major. 
Proceed to the hatch.

The Remote Access Droid could be very helpful,
Major. You should retrieve it just in case you
find other uses for it.

Tsuke... I found something that looks like it'll be
up your alley.

Very interesting. It's some kind of robotic probe,
but highly advanced. You should be able to link
to it directly through your UCA and guide it via
remote control.

It looks to be equipped with an ion pulse, too...
it may come in handy for temporarily shutting
down force fields and stunning security robots.

You got all that from a basic scan? What have
they been teaching you at ETEO Research and
Development?

Captain Tsukigami's research history is not 
relevant to your mission objectives, Major. You 
can probably use this device to explore some of 
those smaller tunnel areas.

Ahem... roger that, General.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

This is the wrong direction, Major. 
Proceed to the hatch.

Power source located, tested, and operable.

OK, that's great. I'll be there soon, Major. 
The moons surface is a little more severe 
than I thought; I'm taking it slow.

OK, Major. There's no need to wait for 
the Captain. Make your way to the hatch. 
Map data will be uploaded shortly.


Yes, this terminal is functional, Kane. Perhaps
I can access it. I'm activating your onboard WDI
now.

Be careful, Captain. We don't know what we're
dealing with here.

Roger that, General.

Got anything yet, Tsuke?

Yes, this looks like a sub-network. I can only
access what seems to be a minor power system.
I'm going to upload an initiate routine. OK, let's
see if this does anything.

Let's get one of those canisters back to the
surface for analysis, Major. This could provide
some vital information. Return to Beta Station.

Roger that, General. I'm on my way.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

Kane, my scanners are picking up a massive
electromagnetic disturbance. It's shorting out all
electronic devices in the sector!

Major! There are energy spikes all over the board!
I want you out of there on the...

There's too much interference, Major. We've lost
the General's signal, and mine is breaking up as
well. Kane, if these energy spikes affect the
terminal's reactor core...

Cut to the chase, Tsuke. How long before I'm
toast?

I'm uploading a timer to your UCA display. At the
current rate, you've got ninety seconds to get
out of there.

Good job, Major!

That was too close, Tsuke.

Yes, I am relieved you made it. I have moved
my equipment into the garage. It seems
more secure in here.

OK, Tsuke. I'm on my way.

Collect the explosives before heading out, Major.

Check your radar for the location of  the
second hatch, Major.

Alpha-1 to Command. Do you copy?

Major...
You made it?

Roger that, General.

You hit the jackpot with that last terminal. We
extracted a tremendous amount of information
from it. That area you explored was only a
small section of a much larger series of
subterranean installations.

How large?

We're still processing the data. It seems to stretch
for several miles beneath the Moon's surface.

Maybe that's where Burton and the others are.

Major, you're not just out there to find your men.
You will focus on performing reconnaissance in
accordance with your primary mission. Don't
forget that.

Understood. What's the next objective?

There's an entry point to the next section of the
structure nearby. Unfortunately, the hatch is buried
under several layers of rock. You'll need some of
Alpha Team's explosives to clear away the rock
and expose the hatch.

Pick up the explosives, then use the LOLA-RR10
to reach the hatch location. Once you've
successfully exposed the entryway, enter the
structure and continue reconnoitering the area.

The LOLA-RR10 unit is in the garage at your
present location. Enter the vehicle and move out.

Roger that, General.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

There are two locations marked on the map.

General, the last area with these markings was an
extremely powerful security robot, and
destroying it triggered an electromagnetic storm
that could have killed everyone in the entire
sector.

Given that my men are still out there, I'm not sure
that a direct approach is the best tactic.

Major, you've proven yourself capable of dealing
with hostile fire. We have reason to believe that
these coordinates will offer valuable intel. As for
your men, we have no reason to believe that
they're here or that they're even alive.

Our best hope of finding them is to learn what we
can about this structure. You have your orders.

... Understood. Kane out.

You see this, Captain? I don't know what to make
of it.

I hate to say it, Major, but neither do I.

You're my tech officer, Tsuke. Give me something
to go on here.

Hmm, possibly a multi-key security system.
Judging by its layout, it's missing two components.
Remember the two locations marked on your
map? I don't think that's a coincidence.

Neither do I. I'm heading to the first location now.
Kane out.

I'm assembling the pieces now.

That's no key panel!

No, it's not. If I didn't know better, I'd say it's
a...

A rifle! Of course! It's just like the quantium-ion
weapons that were discovered at...

Captain!

Ahem, sorry, General. Never mind that, Major,
but I can tell you that this type of particle weapon
should prove extremely powerful.

Affirmative. 
Tell me if you see anything else you recognize...
Before I'm on the receiving end of it.

Maybe you were on to something, Tsuke. Do
you think this is a piece to that device?

Definitely. Find the other piece and then return
to the central terminal to assemble them.

This must be the second piece, Captain.

Affirmative. Now you can take the components
back to the central room.

I'm already moving.

Captain, I've just entered a lab area and there are
hundreds of those canisters down here.

Major, I have some disturbing news. We've
processed the data you gathered. The liquid is
made up of chemicals directly extracted from
humans. Heart, lungs, pituitary gland... almost
every major organ.

That stuff I've been taking is made from...
humans? How many people did it take to produce
all of these?

Command to Alpha-1! Priority alert! The Freedom 2
is under attack by unidentified craft! Repeat, we
are under attack! Be alert and return to safe zone!

General Lambert?!
...
Tsuke, I've lost contact with the General. Are you
still reading me?

I copy you, but something is seriously wrong. The
signal from the space station has been completely
cut off. I'll try to raise the General, but you're
going to have to keep moving forward until I
figure this out.

I placed the first piece.

Great, now go find the other.

... Does anyone read me? I can't tell if my helmet
comlink still works. I'm trying to figure out where
I am...

Burton? Is that you? Report in, soldier!
Blast... he's been cut off. But they must still be
alive!

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

#h9P    *H(    8h$    %F&P!h9p    *D4(N*p
u=0m    U@    d32g0.

Tsuke, I'm getting something weird on my comlink.
It could be the General trying to reestablish
contact. General, do you read me?

d32g0.	U@    u=0m    *D4(N*p    %F&P!h9p
8h$    #h9P    *H(

Please identify yourself, your signal is scrambled.
This is Extra-Terrestrial Encounter Organization,
Major Edward Kane. Burton? Silas? Is this one of
the scientists from Alpha Base?

Hello, Major Kane. I've been observing your
progress for some time. Very well done.

Who is this?

Your men are being held at another underground
sector nearby. You must go there immediately if
you wish to save them.

What do you know about my men?

I know that if you want to save them you will do
exactly as I tell you. I've uploaded the location to
your navigational device. The clock is ticking,
Major.

Why should I trust you?

Perhaps you should ask whether your comrades
are worthy of your trust. I will contact you when
you reach the specified location.

My comrades...?

Major? Do you read me?

Tsuke!

We lost contact for a minute there.
Is everything okay?

...
Affirmative.
Just some interference.

Major, I've been trying to contact General
Lambert, but our signal doesn't seem to be strong
enough. I've located a secondary comm dish 
that could boost the signal, but I can't reach
it from Alpha Base without the LOLA-RR10.

Stay put, Tsuke, the surface is swarming with
those robots. I'll move to the dish and attempt
to reestablish contact with the General. Upload
the coordinates to my UCA.

Affirmative, Major.
...That's odd, another location has just appeared
in your navigational database. I don't remember
this coming from the earlier data terminals.

Well, the location isn't far from the comm dish, so
you can continue reconnaissance once you make
contact with Lambert.

...
Affirmative. I'll return to the surface and proceed
to the dish.
...And Tsuke? Do you know anything about other
ETEO operations on the Moon?

No, why?

I don't think Lambert's giving us the whole story.

Major, you know as much as I do. I think you're
letting the pressure get to you. Maybe you need to
be more careful with that liquid.

I'm being as 'careful' as I can, Captain, considering
that I've been surviving off some kind of human-
based juice whose full effects you haven't even
been able to explain to me...

Stay cool, Kane. Just get to the satellite tower and try
to reestablish contact with Lambert.
Tsukigami out.

Alpha Team to Command, Alpha Team to
Command, do you read?
 
The Freedom 2 has been destroyed, Major! Only
my immediate aides and I made it to the escape
pod. Your position is about to be overrun by
unidentified spacecraft!

Unidentified spacecraft?!

Damn it, Major, you've got to hurry!

Use the access road due east of your location.
Get out of there!

You better go back to that communications 
dish and try to get in touch with Alpha 
team.

Roger that, Tsuke.

Major, I've got some bad news. There's been
extensive damage to our communications
infrastructure. Most of our comm. satellites
vanished off of radar when we lost contact
with General Lambert.

What are you saying? Were they destroyed?

I wish I knew, Major, but we'll have to worry
about it later. There's one active satellite left, and
it's moving out of range in 2 minutes.
I've uploaded the coordinates of the dish to
LOLA's nav system. You need to get there now!

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

What's going on here... where am I?

You are no longer on the surface. You're in a
non-human transport vessel, and your only hope
of getting out alive is to listen to me.

You must access the teleportation sequencer at
the center of the ship, but first you must destroy
its power core.

How do you know this? Why should I trust you?

I leave that up to you. Once the power core is
destroyed, you will have approximately 60
seconds to engage the sequencer. If you survive,
make your way to the coordinates as planned,
and I will contact you again. Now move.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

It seems you've survived again, Major Kane.
Perhaps you'll start trusting me now.

I still don't know who you work for, what you
want or even who you are. We're a ways off
from 'trust.'

Good. You're still thinking clearly. Being careful
whom you trust may save your life.

...

Major, I want you to understand what's really
happening on the Moon. To do that, you must
proceed to the central processing area. The
security system is fueled by three power cores
that I have just marked on your map.

Turn these off and continue into the facility.

Wait, you said I would find my men here. Where
the hell are they?
...
Hello?

Major, come in! What happened back at the dish?

Tsukigami, it's you... we're not alone here, and
I'm pretty sure this isn't the liquid talking. I was
transported onto one of the ships that attacked
the Freedom 2 and I engaged in direct combat
with its occupants. They were alien and hostile.

I repeat: this isn't just an automated defense
system here. We're dealing with hostile extra-
terrestrial life forms.

My God, it's finally happened! Listen, Major, I'm
still struggling to reestablish contact with the
General. Maybe she has some answers. Until then,
just investigate those new locations, and be
careful.

Major, what are those things? 

Matter transporters.

Are you being serious, sir?

That's how I got onto that vessel and back.
What I'd like to know is why someone would need
so many of them in one location...

I've found Alpha Team's exo-suits... they've been
sliced right off.

What about Silas and Burton?

Tsuke, I don't think they made it. There are signs
of explosive decompression.

I'm uploading your visual data to General
Lambert's escape pod. She's coming through now.

Are you seeing this, General? These are Alpha
Team's suits. My people are all dead! What did
you lead us into here?

... My God. That place...
When I sent the scientists in, I had no idea...

What!? You sent scientists in? General, what the
hell is going on?

It was a calculated risk. When personnel from
Alpha Base discovered the facility, I was the first
to get the report. I was looking at an
unprecedented technology harvest. A chance for
safety and security forever.

We didn't pick up any life signs, so I decided the
facility was probably abandoned and instructed
the scientists to investigate.

Instead of sending in the ETEO, you had civilian
scientists wandering around an alien base?
With all due respect, ma'am... that's not just a
violation of protocol, it's insane.

I had to break the rules, Kane. I couldn't risk
drawing attention to the facility with a large-scale
ETEO deployment, and the technology was just
too valuable to risk having a bunch of trigger-
happy ETEO grunts running around the facility.

No offense.

... None taken.

The situation got hotter than I anticipated, so I
sent your team to bring things under control. I
knew I could trust you to do it quietly.

I can't believe this. You ignored basic protocol.
You withheld critical intel from us. All because...
you were afraid we'd break some alien gadget?
How much more do you know about this place?

Nothing, I...
Damn! There are more ships approaching. I think
I've been detected!
My God, there are so many of them. Kane, you
need to !#&$*(#@*  &(%

We've lost contact with General Lambert. Her
escape pod just disappeared off the radar...
uh-oh, Kane, I'm detecting a fleet of unidentified
vessels approaching your location.

The Captain is correct, Major. Those vessels are
full of the troops that you just encountered. These
tunnels will soon be swarming with them.

You again! You told me I would find my men here.
What happened to them?

You've seen all that's left of them. If you had
come directly here as I told you, there may have
been time for you to save them.

Save them from what? What the hell is going on
here?

You will find out soon enough. There are hostiles
closing in on your position. If you want to live, you
will shut down the remaining power cores and
move to the central processing area.

Damn!

Major? I lost contact with you for a second, but
my scanners were picking up incoming and
outgoing transmissions at your location.
What's going on?

There's no time to explain.
I've got to get out of here!

That should be the last one.

Good work, Major. All three power cores are
now off-line. The force barriers are down.

And it looks like a new beacon just appeared on 
my map. That must be the central processing area. 
I'm proceeding to the marked location.

Alright, let's get this thing done!

Is that a conveyor belt up ahead?

Looks like it. As a matter of fact, this whole
place seems to be one big factory.

My God, those are...

Human beings. This is bad. I've got to find
Alpha Team.

Those things are actually storing living people
in these tanks... but for what? What is the
processing that he was talking about?

Processing? Kane, what are you talking about?

Tsuke, listen. There's something I haven't told
you about. I thought that the liquid was getting
to me, and...

What are you saying?

The map data was being sent by someone all
along, and I've been in contact with him.

But...

Believe me, I've got the same questions. I don't
know who he is or if he can be trusted, but my
priority now is to figure out what's really going
on here.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

That's another one down... barely.

Congratulations are in order. The security of this
facility is maintained by three guardian robots,
and you have just destroyed the second.
However, you may not relax yet. One remains,
but it is far more powerful than the others.

Kane, who is this?

Tsuke, you're getting his transmission?

Don't be so surprised, Major. Your comlinks
aren't secure.

Major, even with the help, you've got to stay
frosty.

Yes, Major, I recommend that you stay 'frosty.'
It's a long road to central processing, and the
alien troops have fortified their defenses.

The door ahead can only be opened by combining
a four-part security key code. Each data packet is
protected by its own security unit.

Kane, your map has readjusted. I'm reading four
new marked points.

Right. I'm on my way to start collecting the key
pieces.


Be careful, Major.

Roger that, Tsuke.

This must be one of the data packets, Tsuke.

That so-called 'security unit' was a... brute!

Three more to go.

Well done, Major.

Let's get through that door.

Great. You collected another data packet!

Great. You collected another data packet!

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

Map data is downloading... there's only one
position marked.


That is the location of the final guardian.
Whether you choose to face it or not is up to
you, but when you see what goes on in central
processing, you may agree that it must be
destroyed.

Captain, can you see this? These people are
frozen in the tanks.

Ambient readings show that they're still alive.
Why are they being stored like this?

Major, those machines...
Are they extracting fluids from those people?

My God, Tsuke, they're still alive.
... I've been surviving off of liquid extracted
from living human beings...

According to my calculations, it would take at
least fifty people to make enough liquid to fill
just one of those canisters.

Fifty people for one canister? Do you have any
idea how many crates of this stuff are in
storage here?!

Kane... you need to shut this down.

I know. If our contact is telling the truth, I
need to take down that final guardian.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

The scanners are showing that the process has
been shut down. You did it, Major!

We did it. Now, let's figure out how to free these
people.

Major, I'm afraid that will have to wait. I have
just been informed of an unanticipated
development.

What development?

Major Kane, Captain Tsukigami, the beings that
created this facility are mustering an enormous
strike force on their homeworld. They will be
here in a matter of days to destroy any possible
threats to their operation.

How do you know this? For the last time, who are
you?

There is no time, and you would not believe me if
I told you. You must travel to their world
immediately and eliminate their leader or all life
on Earth will be annihilated.

Annihilated?!

There is a vessel in the storage facility that can
take you there. If you choose to proceed, you will
need to activate three power cells to reroute
power the ship. The terminal ahead will show you
the locations.

Kane... if this is true, the stakes are too high to
ignore.

We've got new map data coming in, Major.


Three new coordinates have been marked off.

If this stays true to form, those are where you'll
find the power cells.

I'm going after them now. Kane out.

That's the last of them, Major. The ship is ready
for departure. Proceed to the marked location.

On my way.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

Well done, Major, well done. You continue to
impress me. Perhaps you will stand a chance
against their leader.

... I appreciate your confidence.

Major, the ship's course has been plotted roundtrip,
so you will be able to return...
... Should you survive.

...

Major... Ed... our signal booster's not powerful
enough to maintain contact all the way. You're
going to be on your own on this one.

...
Don't worry, old man. I'll be back.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

OK Major. I have created a simulation that 
emulates the behaviors of the hostiles. This 
should help you perfect your skills.

Good work. Bring it on.

The program is initializing. 
Good luck!

Thanks Tsuke.

Well done Major! You completed the training 
mission.

Piece of cake, Tsuke.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

OK Major. I have created a simulation that 
emulates the behaviors of the hostiles. This 
should help you perfect your skills.

Good work. Bring it on.

The program is initializing. 
Good luck!

Thanks Tsuke.

Well done Major! You completed the training 
mission.

Piece of cake, Tsuke.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

OK Major. I have created a simulation that 
emulates the behaviors of the hostiles. This 
should help you perfect your skills.

Good work. Bring it on.

The program is initializing. 
Good luck!

Thanks Tsuke.

Well done Major! You completed the training 
mission.

Piece of cake, Tsuke.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

OK Major. I have created a simulation that 
emulates the behaviors of the hostiles. This 
should help you perfect your skills.

Good work. Bring it on.

The program is initializing. 
Good luck!

Thanks Tsuke.

Well done Major! You completed the training 
mission.

Piece of cake, Tsuke.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

OK Major. I have created a simulation that 
emulates the behaviors of the hostiles. This 
should help you perfect your skills.

Good work. Bring it on.

The program is initializing. 
Good luck!

Thanks Tsuke.

Well done Major! You completed the training 
mission.

Piece of cake, Tsuke.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.

OK Major. I have created a simulation that 
emulates the behaviors of the hostiles. This 
should help you perfect your skills.

Good work. Bring it on.

The program is initializing. 
Good luck!

Thanks Tsuke.

Well done Major! You completed the training 
mission.

Piece of cake, Tsuke.

I suggest you retrieve the Remote Access Droid
before leaving this area.